This will be a reflection on my final project.

For this project, I decided to build a simple calculator using a gui, something we recently learned about in class.
I thought it would be a great way to show everything I learned this semester in my program, which is really what was 
required for the final project. I started off easy with what I knew how to do easiest, which was my calc.py. Pretty 
much this entire semester I feel like doing equtions and writing them out was something we did a lot, so I knew exactly how
to make the correct equation for each operation, including a value error to stop it from doing something that was impossible
for the code to do. That was the easiest part I'd say. Then I had to create my gui. This was definitely a lot more challenging,
and for the most part I was trying to use the age checker gui we did in class to help me create this one. That was definitely 
helpful, but I would need a lot more than that to help. That's where google came in. I knew how to import tkinter at least, so
that was easy. I made the dimensions of the gui first, and then code that displayed all the buttons in a specific arrangement. 
At first, before adding all the other stuff, I thought that the buttons would display the number as is. But I learned later 
on that they would actually only work just as buttons, and not display the number. But before that, I realized I still needed 
a text box to actually display the numbers and solutions that the user put in. From the age checker I knew that using Entry 
would help me with that. So I created the line of code for that, and then that's the point where I realized that none of my 
buttons actually worked as I intended. I looked it up again, this time using Copilot to ask why my code wouldn't work. It 
told me that they were literally all just buttons, and not actually functions, like they needed to be. It gave me an example 
of what it should look like, and so I improved my code based on that. Basically I had to define each button press to make it 
actually display the button the user presses. But then I also needed it to display the solution, which would be done by pressing 
the = button. So I had to def that on too, but this time it had to be  different, it would need to give the solution AND save it 
into the history list I created (Which btw I forgot to mention was added because the code needed a list of some kind). After I 
did that I ran the program to check if it actually worked, and finally, it did. This was definitely the most challenging code 
I've done yet, but thanks to the resources I had I was able to get it done, and make it look, at least in my opinion, pretty 
clean. I'm pretty satisfied with how my code turned out, and I feel somewhat certain that it is up to standard. 

I think I learned a lot from this final project. I definitely learned how to problem solve, especially when it came
to my buttons. I learned how to give a whole lot of buttons different functions, ones that were mostly the same,
but others that would have more to them, like the equals and operations. Another thing I learned is how useful of a 
tool AI can be when it comes to programming. Last semester in my beginner programming class, I fell behind and used AI 
in a more, cheating way I guess you could say, on my final project. It definitely didn't end well for me, and I almost 
failed. So maybe you would think that I woudln't use it all on this final, but I think it's good that I used it. This time
however, I used it in a way that actually taught me, and I didn't just copy and paste it. I think it's use should be heavily encouraged
in the future of coding, it was extremely helpful and taught me a lot about my code. But other than those things, I really 
think the main thing I was able to learn about was problem solving, somthing that's definitely gonna need to happen a lot when it 
comes to programming. 